Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hello.
Look at him, Claire.
I'm looking at him, Hailey.
Sitting there being gorgeous,
looking for someone to rescue.
He should so be rescuing us.
What's wrong with this picture?
Well, all these articles say
we've been way too available.
We need to be more coy.
We're so coy
he barely knows we exist.
Okay. Ray pop quiz.
Favorite song? Favorite food?
Favorite drink? Go, go, go.
Weezer's "Island in the Sun."
- Dr Pepper. Oranges?
- Very nice.
- I'm trying to read.
- Fine.
Then read me
the latest on boy-bagging technology.
Oh, okay. This one's called
"Fluff and Retreat."
"Fluff his ego, then walk away.
Not only is he left wanting more...
but he's under the impression
that it's his idea."
- Nice.
- That's really cool.
Summer's almost over
and you haven't gone in the water once.
Once would be way too many times.
Excuse me.
Do you realize we've got less than
five days until you have to move?
I don't want you moving
halfway around the world.
Claire, you're such a ruiner.
I'd gone, like, a half-hour
without thinking about it.
- Hailey, I'm sorry but...
- Besides, I haven't kissed Raymond yet.
So I'm not going anywhere.
Incoming.
- Hello, hottie.
- It's Raymond.
Hail, did you order a sand-witch?
Cecilia's back from camp.
Don't worry. He won't fall for yuck.
He's way too smart for that.
- Hey, Cecilia.
- Hey.
Whoa.
Did they get...
bigger?
She could poke an eye out.
We just...
We have to decode his body language.
Look, it's fine.
I mean, if he's into her...
he'll shake his hair, stretch his arms,
and flex those muscles.
Yeah?
- What was that?
- Fingers. Fingers through the hair.
I mean, technically,
that wasn't shaking.
Right?
Please, gods of love, no shake.
No stretch. No flex. No...
- No...
- No, no...
No.
- You guys okay?
- Yeah, we're fine.
- Thanks. We're good.
- Yeah, thanks.
Babysit much?
I can't take it anymore.
As long as he doesn't flip
his sunglasses we're fine.
Hey, Ray, think fast.
- I can't look anymore. You.
- Sorry.
- I figured you could catch.
- You're right.
What? Did he flip them?
It's really sunny out.
It doesn't count.
Yeah.
- Say something.
- You'll never tan in those clothes.
- Or skin cancer.
- Please. We don't even smoke.
Such losers.
The perfect end to a perfect day.
Claire. Hailey. We need your help.
Hey.
- What?
- Oh, we've decided to fire Raymond.
- No. No, you can't.
- No. No.
- You should've seen your faces.
- That is so not funny.
Oh, you girls, you're too wound up.
Now, help bring in the Last Splash
decorations, please.
Weatherman says
a big storm's coming.
- We'll put them up again after it clears.
- Ray will still be there when you're done.
Grandpa.
Oh, supper's at 6, Claire.
You'll come back
after dinner, right?
- We can hang out in the rec room...
- No. I have other plans.
What?
But you promised...
- God, chill out. Your grandma's right.
- Hailey, I'm so...
- Sorry.
- Jeez, Leonard.
M or W?
Right. Nice to see you too.
W.
He knows what you did last summer.
Get...
- Mom, I'm home.
- Hey, kiddo.
Hailey, your boxes
won't pack themselves.
Don't put this off
unity the movers come.
Come on, Moby. Don't play me like that.
I haven't seen you in days.
Hailey, you can unpack as much
as you want. We're still moving.
Yeah.
How was the club?
Maybe I could get more
than one syllable this time.
It was fine.
That was three.
I'm sorry, sweetheart.
But you didn't want to leave Boston
either, remember?
And look what happened.
You met Claire.
You know, Australia could be
another amazing adventure for us, Hails.
- How about we start packing your room?
- How about I live here until I'm 18?
How about we go back
to fewer syllables?
Cool.
That was one.
A storm warning is in...
That's where Cecilia Banks gets
all the drama. Just look at her dad.
Well, as you can see... Huh.
Hailey, how am I supposed to face
eighth grade without you?
My locker is right next
to the boys' bathroom.
And I have co-ed PE class by myself.
We have to dance
with Raymond at Last Splash.
We'll be such great dancers that he'll
realize that he has to marry one of us.
And we'll be so happy
that one of us got him...
that we won't even be jealous.
You know?
Unless he picks you.
That wouldn't be okay.
- Joke.
- What if this is our last camp-out?
What if this is it?
Oh, gods of hurricanes...
makers of thunder and lightning
and majestical waves...
useth your power to keep my mom
from moving to Australia.
Maketh her to see
the error of her ways...
and keepeth us in Bay Bridge.
Ameneth.
- You're insane.
- That's what they tell me.
Yeah.
Ameneth.
Oh, my God.
The vending machine's possessed.
- Looks like we got free...
- Hailey!
Soda?
Where are you? You dead? Don't die.
I'm not dead. I'm right here.
Follow my voice.
Oh, God. Something's out there.
Claire, I want you to know
that if Leonard comes...
and chops us
into a million pieces...
then you are totally, completely
and eternally my best friend.
You're my best friend too.
And I broke your iPod.
What are you girls doing out here
in this weather? Come on.
Grandma, you scared me.
Let's get the two of you
tucked up in bed.
Mrs. B., if I have nightmares
tonight, I'm blaming you.
Oh, gods of hurricanes...
makers of thunder and lightning...
- Gods of hurricanes...
- Just take me now.
Oh, gods of hurricanes, makers of
thunder and lightning...
and majestical waves.
Please useth your powers
to keep my mom...
Maketh her to see the error of her ways
and keepeth us in Bay Bridge.
Oh, my God.
- Come on, men.
- On three. Ready? One...
Raymond's out. Come on.
Yeah, bring it up.
- He's beautiful. Stay calm.
- Come on.
- Catch you later, man.
- Yeah, catch you Later.
Look at this.
- What a wreck.
- It's Ray. Don't look.
Hello, little freaky blue crab.
Claire, look.
- Ray. Hope you're ready to clean.
- Wow.
Think you'll call off Last Splash?
- No. No, Mr. B.
- No. Grandpa, no...
Mr. B., I'm sorry,
you can't do that.
Mr. B., we have been
planning for this for, like, ever.
- It'll be all right.
- Grandpa? Are the pool lights still on?
Claire.
- Hold on.
- There's a shark in the pool.
I got you. You're okay.
Here, somebody get a chair.
Calm down. There you go.
She may be in shock.
- Take deep breaths.
- You all right?
She gets scared in the water.
Her parents drowned.
- You all right, honey?
- I saw something.
It's in there, and...
I don't know what it was.
Half the ocean washed up
in there last night.
Hailey, take Claire inside.
Leonard? Lock up the patio.
- I don't want anyone else falling in.
- Clean it, lock it, got it.
That was tight, Ray.
Thanks, Ray.
Well, come on.
My God. Raymond totally
jumped in there to save you...
with his actual biceps.
Did you feel them around you?
Were they flexed?
Oh, God, they must have been flexed.
If you had stopped breathing,
you were this close to mouth-to-mouth.
There's something in there.
I'm serious.
It looked like...
I can't even say it. But...
I swear, it just stared at me
with its eyes.
You're in shock...
from touching Raymond.
Hailey, I know what I saw.
Fine. Then we'll just go back
when no one's looking and check it out.
No way. I didn't mean
to get in the water in the first place...
and I'm not going back there again.
Something bad could've happened.
Come on, Clairedy Cat.
Put on your big-girl pants
and meet me at 9:00.
Be careful.
Gram will be super mad at us.
It's Leonard.
Come on.
Hey, maybe we should
get fishing poles or something.
No. I don't want to catch it.
I want to feed it.
- Fish sticks?
- Maybe it was an octopus.
With blue hair and a tail?
It could've been blue
seaweed, or kelp.
It was not an octopus
and it wasn't kelp.
- You want one?
- I saw hair.
God.
If you're gonna ignore every word I say
I can hang out alone.
I'm not ignoring you.
- I doubt myself. Don't doubt me too.
- You're getting hysterical over nothing.
I bet I know what it was.
I'm guessing...
it was a mermaid.
- Boo.
- Aaaah!
It's a...
You're a...
A... a mer...
I can see we have to take this slowly.
Mer-maid.
Mermaid.
Fabled marine creature,
half woman, half fish...
known for sitting on rocks,
staring into mirrors...
and obsessively combing
our long, beautiful hair.
Blah, blah, blah.
Wha...? What is going on?
Stop shrieking like a couple of gulls.
For shrimps, you're awfully Loud.
- You speak English?
- Yeah.
Mermaids speak every language
known to man, fish, crustacean...
and several varieties of seafowl.
What can you speak?
I got a C in Spanish.
Wait. What if she's, like...
- bad or something?
- Why would she be bad?
She's a fictional sea creature.
- They could be bad.
- We are not fictional.
We're discrete.
I've never been this close
to a human before.
Yeah. Must be weird for you.
What?
Nothing.
You're staring at my tail.
- Well, yeah, I was.
- Do you...
want to touch it?
Okay.
It's slimy.
Thank you. I rub it with kelp
and jellyfish twice a day.
Wow.
Please don't eat us.
The thought.
- It's okay.
- I want to see what feet feel like.
Give it.
Can you pick things up with them?
No, but, I can kick with them
if you don't let go.
Hey, get back here.
How did you do that?
Oh, that's nothing.
You should see my father.
He can make some serious waves.
- Like last night, for example.
- Your dad made those waves?
Yeah.
He's mad at me because
I swam away from home...
three days before I'm supposed
to get married off to this merman...
who's about as deep as a tidal pool.
- Hey.
- Leonard. We have to go.
He's a psycho. You have to hide.
- Where are you going?
- We'll be back tomorrow.
- Promise?
- Promise.
- Someone over there?
- Come on.
Don't get seen.
Hailey. Hailey, wake up.
What in the world?
Oh, no.
- This is bad. This is so bad.
- Come on.
What have you done?
- I drained the pool.
- She's not in there.
- But how could she get out?
- I don't know.
Come on.
Oh, it's you.
You scared the salt out of me.
I thought you were that man
with that awful sucking machine.
- I just about got turned inside out.
- How did you get in here?
I used these.
Whoa.
My very own pair.
Oh, and check this out.
- Whoa!
Wow. Isn't it cute?
- Very cute.
- And I can sit on it.
Hey, we gotta get you out.
Come on. You'll be seen.
- Give her your t-shirt.
- No. My bathing suit's like boy-repellent.
- What if we see Raymond?
- It's your bathing suit...
or her birthday suit.
Come on.
Stop.
Oh, no. That's not what you do.
You have to...
- Put your arms there.
- Put your arms through them.
Wow.
- That looks amazing.
- I know.
I don't understand how you can sleep
on these when they're so jumpy.
I could just do this all day.
Claire, what on earth
are you doing?
You really need to stop.
Gram is gonna be really mad at us.
We're gonna get in huge trouble.
- You worry too much.
- I rest my case.
This is so much fun.
I love Legs.
So, do you get to keep them?
We can only have legs
when the sun's out.
We have to keep them dry.
Or at least that's what I've heard.
I've never had the guts
to try them.
So this is your first time ashore?
First time on land.
First time with legs.
- Can you believe it?
- You'd never know.
But I got to be careful.
Add moonlight or water, instant tail.
Look what I can do.
Stop that.
Crabs. They found me.
With a shell?
You can hear
the ocean through these.
Yeah, but...
Well, it works both ways.
The ocean can hear you too.
Hello? Dad?
Aquamarine,
what do you think you're doing?
- Daddy...
- Shell phone.
Could you give me a minute?
Sure. Sorry.
Well, that's your plan, not mine.
I don't want to marry
some spoiled, rich squid.
Well, you can make all the storms
you want, but I'm not coming back.
No, love is not a myth, Daddy.
It's real.
- You think her dad is doing this?
- I'll prove it.
If I'm wrong,
then I will honor your plans.
And I'll call you every night, okay,
so calm down.
I have to find love.
We don't have it where I'm from.
If I can't find it in three days, I'm sunk.
- You don't have love?
- No. My dad says it's just a myth.
We marry who our parents pick...
and my dad thinks I have bubbles
in my brain because I believe in love.
The only way
I can get out of my wedding...
is if I can prove to him
that love exists.
But that means
I only get three days.
Or else I'll be swimming
down the aisle with...
that blowfish.
But if you don't have love,
how do you know it exists?
I saw it once. And I want it.
With him.
- Raymond?
- Check it out.
Raymond?
Raymond.
Raymond is the one I love.
No!
Raymond. Raymond.
- Raymond.
- Yeah.
- Hi.
Do you love me?
No, but, I think you're hot.
Really hot.
Come on, we gotta go.
The Beach House is going off.
Yeah, I know, I know, I know.
Well, I'll see you later.
Come on.
Come on, come on, come on.
- Come on.
- Hey, drop me off at home, can you?
He doesn't love me?
How can he not love me?
I need some salt.
- What did you say?
- He said I was hot.
But, how would he know?
Do I feel hot to you?
What he meant
is not how you took it.
Help me get him
to fall in love with me.
- Yeah, right.
- No, no, no. Raymond's way too popular.
- You should pick someone else.
- All the girls are after him.
- Even a few boys.
- Right.
Fine.
Then you don't get your wish.
- What?
- Wish? Wait, wait.
- What wish?
Oh, you know.
If you help a mermaid, you get a wish.
Any wish you could wish for.
I thought that was genies.
You believe in genies?
What if our wish
involves other people?
Like my mom.
It's a wish. Any wish.
As long as it doesn't violate
the laws of nature.
We'll help you.
- Yes. Yes.
Just to let you know...
- this is a humongous sacrifice for us.
- Yeah.
Giving up Raymond?
So you know him pretty well?
Oh, yeah. We're experts on Raymond.
- Yeah, we know him really well.
- We're like Rayologists.
Good. But he has to say he loves me.
Because I need proof for my dad.
Otherwise you don't get your wish.
Deal?
Deal.
My name's Aquamarine.
Now, let's go find Raymond.
Whoo!
- You need shoes.
- Yeah, and undies.
Just stick with the pros.
Boys are what we live for.
Creepy, right?
My mom collects this stuff.
What does your mom do?
Besides ruin my life?
She's a marine biologist.
- She's scientific.
- More like horrific.
She's dragged me
over the country for her job.
She's been working
to clean up the bay.
Well, tell her thanks for me...
because it tastes 10 times
better than it did years ago.
Really? Huh.
Okay, first things first.
Aqua, what are you doing?
He doesn't like this harsh light.
- Moby. He came out of hiding.
- Wow.
Can you make boobs
come out of hiding?
What?
We begin where a girl starts a first crush.
We call him.
Call him? What?
No, I can't.
What am I supposed to say to him?
Nothing. We just call and hang up.
We do it all the time.
- Why?
- I don't know. It's just what you do.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
It's ringing.
Hello?
That was fantastic.
Let's do it again.
Okay.
The next step here is the ride-by.
- Very important in any crush.
- Now remember, you have to act casual.
Yes, like you didn't even remember
this was his street.
That's it. That's Raymond's house.
Oh, that hurts.
But this will be worth it.
There he is.
What the...?
Aqua, no, that's the brake.
- Aqua, are you okay?
- I saw him. Did you see him?
- He waved at me.
- Hey, hey, hey, are you okay?
- Hi, Raymond.
- Oh, my God.
We didn't even remember
this was your street.
All right,
let's see what you've got here.
Nothing too serious.
- We'll run it under some cold water...
- No. No.
Oh, hey, hey, hey.
I wouldn't hurt you.
All right, let me at least
put a Band-Aid on it.
Lifeguard's always prepared, right?
Here we go.
This won't hurt a bit.
There you go. Voila!
Thank you.
It's beautiful.
So, what was your name?
Aquamarine.
Cool name. Will I see you
at the Street Fair today?
- I love this song.
- Oh, no.
- Who ordered broom service?
- Hi, Raymond.
I'm here for my driving lesson.
Let's get you up.
You going to be all right?
Okay, cool. Hang on one sec.
I got to grab my keys.
So, I'll see you later?
Rock. Check it. Watch out.
- Who is she?
- Cecilia.
Thinks she's the shiz,
because her dad does weather.
- Her dad can make weather?
- No. He just reports it.
Shut up. I know how to drive.
- And she's a princess?
- No, no, no, just a royal bitch.
Then why are you so intimidated?
Got it. Sorry.
Whoa.
Hey, guys, does she have something
against girls' clothes?
Nice hair.
- Who are you?
- Aquamarine.
- She's my cousin.
- Well, that's kind of pretty.
For a crayon.
I was named Aquamarine
after a rare and precious gemstone.
Whereas Cecilia translated means
dim-sighted.
But your parents know you
better than I do.
- Wow.
- What did you just say to me?
Yep, definitely dim-sighted.
There's something very fishy
about that girl.
Cecilia Banks blew a gasket.
Who cares about her.
What about Ray? I mean...
what happened to me back there?
- I was such a clam. I couldn't think.
- Don't worry.
Everything we've learned about boys
has come from the pages...
of these magazines. Come on.
I can't stop thinking
about him. I feel so weird and tingly.
- What?
- Look at my finger scales.
Oh, wow.
They've never been this color before.
They change color with my mood.
- Whoa, weird.
- But I don't know what mood this is.
- Love.
Okay. Start reading. We have a lot
to cover before we go to the Street Fair.
Oh, I don't like this.
Come on.
- I need some salt.
- More like this.
Number 28.
Come on.
Come on, focus. Focus.
How do you remember all this?
- You have to be flirty but demure.
- Yeah.
Devoted, but not desperate.
Available but elusive.
And if he calls Wednesday
for Saturday, you have to be busy.
Even though you're free.
It's so annoying.
Yet strangely addictive.
- No. No.
- I think she's on a boy-data overload.
Let's take her out.
Roll up. Roll up.
- Ain't got a chance.
- It's right here.
There he is.
- Ray. Ray, hi.
- Calm down.
Haven't you learned anything?
Let him see you first.
- Sorry. I just got so excited, I forgot.
- It's okay.
Hey, how about if we do what...?
What "Liz D. From Skokie" suggests?
"The laugh and pass."
Casually walk past him laughing.
Good idea.
You're so funny.
Okay, look at him.
Look away.
Look at him, play with your hair.
Just kind of twirl it.
Yeah, I saw that.
- Arch your back. Arch your back.
- Pucker your lips, flip your hair.
- Flip it. Yeah, flip it.
- Put your back out.
Don't look at him.
No, no. He's looking at you.
- Okay. "Fluff and Retreat."
- What?
Come on, you can do it.
Come on, Ray.
Fluff his ego, and retreat. Go.
Yeah!
Wow, Raymond, you're good.
- Bye.
- Wha...? Wha...?
- You didn't fluff enough.
- Here you go, man.
- Hey, where are you going?
- Guess she did.
- Come on.
- Guys, I'll catch up.
- I'll hang out with Aqua.
- He gave a nickname.
- Hey.
- Hi.
Ar, ar, ar!
Are you having a good time?
Yes, following you around is fun.
Okay.
- This guy's for you.
- Thanks.
- Get your cotton candy.
- You're welcome.
Hurry, hurry. On the
fairground you and the family...
- and the weird Tattoo Lady.
- You want one?
Yeah.
Just one, please. Thanks.
I just love eating cotton candy.
I mean...
I love eating it. Right, Hail?
It's great.
It is so much fun to eat it.
- It just vanished.
- Mm-hm.
Shake...
stretch...
flex.
He likes her!
- Roll up, roll up.
- Hey, what are those, water bikes?
What? You've never been
on a paddleboat before?
- Oh, he's so cute.
- Come on...
- I'll give you your first ride.
- Sure.
- Do you think she'll be okay out there?
- She's with Ray, isn't she?
- Popcorn. Get your popcorn.
- I guess. Come on.
So, how long are you in town?
Two more days.
Then my dad's making me come home.
If he doesn't get his way,
it's always a huge disaster.
Pretty controlling, huh?
- You have no idea.
- Yeah, I do.
My dad, he's all dead set
on me starting college next week...
but, I don't know, I wanna
take a year off and travel.
I've never been out of Florida, so
we've been arguing about it all summer.
And, he'll probably win the argument.
He always does.
They just don't get it.
Sometimes, you have to leave home...
- to figure out what you want.
- Exactly.
You know, you're not like
most girls around here.
They're so cute together.
Claire, how romantic is that?
This is nice.
- The sun is setting.
- Yeah, I know.
- We timed it well, didn't we?
- I have to get back.
What? Okay.
- All right. Okay. All right.
- Oh, no.
We're going the wrong way.
We're heading back out to sea.
Here we go, we're turning
around. Everything's okay.
- Hailey.
- Claire.
- Sunset.
- Oh, no.
- She's gonna pop a tail.
- Hailey. Claire.
Just add moonlight or water.
- I have to get back.
- Hey. Hey.
Here, let's talk about something
to distract you, okay?
Like, what are you doing
tomorrow night?
- Probably heard about the Last Splash?
- We're coming Aqua.
- It's a party. You're really in a hurry.
- Come on. Hurry up. Pedal.
It's not your fault.
I have to be somewhere.
You gotta help our friend.
She's sick. She's got...
- Hydrophobia.
- Hypertension.
Yeah.
- Yeah.
- Come on. Hurry, please.
This is serious.
Go faster.
- Hey.
- Oh, no.
- Okay.
- You're almost there.
- Come on. You're almost there.
- Excuse me. Sorry. Pardon me.
- Careful.
- Hey.
Let's go. Keep going.
Don't stop.
Bikes are around the corner.
- Run.
- Sorry.
- Go.
- I had so much fun.
Go. Aqua, go, go.
We gotta get you back.
I'll be right back.
Hey, Ray.
That was too close.
I need some water to spend the night in.
- The ocean?
- No ocean.
My father would just manipulate
the currents and pull me back home.
I know a place.
Holy mackerel.
Hey, come on.
Come on let's go.
Claire, you doing this?
- Aren't you coming?
- I don't do water...
on the ground or in the air.
Raymond was about to kiss you
with his actual lips.
- Stupid sun.
- Did Ray say anything?
- He asked if I heard of Last Splash.
- What?
- Really?
- Exactly what did he say?
- I can't remember.
- So was it:
"Are you going?"
or "Will you go with me?"
- Is there a difference?
- Huge.
- Major.
- Okay. Well...
it started with,
"What are you doing tomorrow night?"
My God, that's all you need.
He was gonna ask for a date.
- He was?
- Absolutely.
- Yes.
- Be careful, guys.
- Thanks.
- Sure.
- Why won't Claire come with us?
- She's not good around water.
It's kind of a long story.
I wish I could hide out here with you.
- Is this gonna be okay?
- Yeah.
I almost forgot.
Me too.
- This is nice.
- Good.
Are you gonna be okay in here?
You gonna be okay out there?
I'll see you tomorrow...
fish-butt.
I heard that.
I never realized
how big this room was.
Without all my stuff in it.
I want this wish so bad, Claire.
Claire?
Hm?
Do you think he'll fall in actual love
with her in two days?
He has to. It's our last hope.
- Hailey.
- What?
We completely forgot something.
What's she gonna wear to Last Splash?
I mean, she can't keep wearing
your t-shirts. No offense.
Okay, think. We'll take the first bus into
Tampa tomorrow and we'll go shopping.
- Wha...? No. We can't.
- We have to.
Besides, I have $400 saved up
from working at the aquarium.
- Do you know what trouble we'll be in?
- Come on, Clairedy Cat.
- Sorry about that.
- I don't know, Hailey.
Smile.
Hello.
What? Why go through life unnoticed?
- This store is hideous.
- This store is for old people.
- Yeah.
- No. No.
- This store is kind of Lame.
- It's all used stuff.
Come on you guys. It's so different
from anything else we saw at the mall.
Come on.
Just give it a chance.
Hey, you guys.
- It's old-fashioned, but it works.
- I don't know.
I love vintage.
Look at these sleeves.
Sorry.
Okay, we've got three hours
till Last Splash, so quick review?
- Dresses?
- Check.
- Blue highlights?
- Big check.
- Are we missing anything?
- Wait.
I don't have earrings.
- How could I not have earrings?
- I have earrings. Don't worry.
Pretty, and pointy?
What am I supposed to do with this?
Like, stick it through my skin?
- That's what you do.
- You're so primitive.
I wear stick-ons.
You mean clip-ons?
No.
You'll love these.
They're my favorite aquatic accessory.
You see that buoy out there?
I need you to swim out there
and find me a couple of starfish about...
- this big?
- Live starfish.
That's what you wear for earrings?
They compliment me.
Aqua, I've got earrings
that'll complement you just fine.
No, I mean, they literally
give me compliments.
In my ear.
They talk to me.
Starfish are notorious suck-ups.
They love to give compliments.
But it's nice
when you need a little boost.
Okay, you guys. Let's go.
Hailey, I can't. You've got to do this.
Do you see how far that buoy is?
No.
Don't worry about it.
I'll get you a ride.
No way.
- Oh, hi.
- Oh, my goodness.
Hi, guys.
Watch the legs, guys.
- Claire, look at that.
- Hi.
Oh, my goodness.
Claire, you have to do this with me.
You go.
Have fun.
Okay. All right.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Claire, look at me.
Way to go, Hails.
- Hailey.
- Hi, guys!
Don't you just love love?
What?
It's just...
you're so sure of yourself.
Well, I've only seen love
up close once...
but, if you'd seen it the way I did,
you'd feel the same way.
Why?
- What was it like?
- It was years ago.
Not too far from here, actually.
We were migrating through the bay just
like we always do this time of year...
and I saw this couple out sailing
on their little blue boat.
And the way
they looked at each other...
it was a look I'd never seen
anywhere else in the seven seas.
I've wanted someone
to look at me that way ever since.
I looked for them every year,
but I never saw them again.
- Was there a name on the boat?
- I don't remember, Claire.
Oh, the Claire de Lune.
Those were my parents.
Claire, they really loved each other.
I don't think they would have
wanted you to be afraid of life.
I think they would have wanted you
to be friends with it.
- Yeah.
- Hey, I found some.
- A matching set.
- Hailey.
It was the most incredible thing ever.
Something I wish I had
done with you.
- Aqua. Aqua.
- There you go.
- Oh, Aqua.
- And one for you.
Thank you.
- Aquamarine is so lovely.
- Oh, stop.
She makes us so lovely...
just being near such loveliness.
And she's smart.
- Smart, yes, like tuna.
- Like tuna.
We love being near Aqua.
Aqua-Aqua.
- Look who it is.
- Wow. The blue hair is spreading.
You guys look like
the Grandma Brigade.
What's next, dentures or Depends?
What's next is I'm going with Raymond
to the Last Splash.
I've got some advice.
You need to separate fantasy
from reality.
Ray's going to the Last Splash
with Cecilia.
- She asked him at the Street Fair.
- What?
Love to stay and chat, but
we're Late for Cecelia's pre-party.
I've got some advice for you too.
Put on a dry shirt.
- That was totally amazing.
- That was great.
It's Ray.
I can't believe I was so stupid.
Why would he choose her over me?
You're supposed to know him.
He obviously doesn't like me at all.
- That's not possible.
- I never should've trusted you.
- He's into you. This doesn't make sense.
- Bull shark.
- Forget it. I'm going home.
- Aqua, no.
- Wait.
- Claire.
This is totally, completely,
eternally over.
I'm moving.
I'm going to be the new girl again.
You know what. No.
No, we're gonna split up.
You're gonna go stop Aqua, and...
and I'm gonna go find Raymond.
Okay?
Meet me back at the club
as soon as possible.
Hurry. Go.
Aqua, don't do it.
Don't do it.
- Aqua, you can't do this.
- Why not?
I'm never going to see him again.
You know what? He doesn't care.
I'm just gonna go home.
This was all for nothing.
It was not for nothing.
It was for love.
You know what I think of love?
Love stinks.
No wonder we don't have it
back home.
- Please don't give up yet.
- Why? Because of your wish?
Let me tell you something.
My dad said he loved me.
He said he loved my mother
and then he left us.
He left us for some other woman...
but I guess that's the way it is,
and love doesn't always work.
I don't understand.
That's life.
That's how it is here.
But, when you find love...
I guess it's really beautiful.
That's what I've read.
And I don't know as much
about it as I say I do...
but I know that there's a reason
why everybody wants it.
And what's that?
It's the closest thing
we have to magic.
Don't give up yet.
Oh, my God,
what's happening to me?
I'm leaking.
- Aqua, you're crying.
- I'm leaking salt water.
I'm falling apart.
No, they're tears. Your body
makes them when you cry.
I guess you wouldn't have them,
living underwater.
This is crazy
Next you're going to tell me...
water shoots out of your nose
when you're happy.
Only occasionally.
Nice bike.
Time for a swim.
Excuse me.
- How could you do this to Aqua?
- Do what?
Take Cecilia to the Last Splash
after you already asked Aquamarine?
Yeah, well, that was before
I found out that she has a boyfriend.
- A boyfriend?
- Yeah.
The one she practically jumped
overboard for to watch the sunset.
Aqua doesn't have a boyfriend.
Who told you that?
Vince. Vince.
The little girl wants to go in.
- I want to go in where?
- Into the pool.
No, put me down.
- Vince, don't, man. Don't. Stop.
- Put me down.
- Put me down!
- Man, put her down.
Okay, okay.
Jeez, relax. What's the big drama?
Whatever.
God, take a joke.
Take a joke? What's the matter
with you? She's scared.
She was trying to get attention.
Hello.
No, that's your job,
isn't it, Cecilia?
Raymond, I was kidding.
Joke. Hello.
Claire. Claire, hold on.
You okay?
Look, you know where I can find Aqua?
I really need to talk to her.
Yeah? Is that a nod?
I know I see a nod.
This next one's
for the brokenhearted out there.
Mm.
Who needs Raymond?
I found two new men to love
and their names are Ben and Jerry.
Raymond. Who needs Raymond?
I need some salt.
I don't know what Cecilia
was talking about.
I think they're in here.
In my room.
Oh, gosh.
- Hey.
- Sorry. I'm sorry.
How's it going?
Bad. No, good. Fine.
Just wait on the balcony,
and we'll be out in a sec.
What are you doing?
What was he doing here?
Cecilia told him Aqua had a boyfriend.
That... That barnacle.
But Raymond wants to talk to you.
- Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
- Yes. Yes. Yes.
- You know what?
- Then the fish attacked me.
- It attacked you?
- Yeah.
- Kind of like a penguin.
- Later, guys.
- Oh, hey.
- Thanks for coming.
Guess who's got a date
to the Last Splash?
Me.
Gently catch it. You break
your balloon, you're out.
Okay, now toss it again.
The idea is to keep
stepping back as you go.
Come on, people, you
could win a date with me.
Good throw, man.
You ready for the heater?
Oh, watch out. Be careful.
Heavy-handed.
We go under, not over.
Okay, take a step back.
Ray, you're out.
Come on, off you go.
I think I feel seasick...
- but in a good way.
- Just be yourself.
Minus the tail.
- Hi.
- Wow, you look pretty.
- So do you.
Thank you.
- What about we grab something to eat?
- Yes, I'm good at that.
Okay.
Here they come.
- Hi, guys.
- Hey.
- Come on.
- What can I get you?
- I think I see where they went.
- Where?
There they are!
- Is that good?
- Yes. It's very calming.
Okay. I'll try some.
- No.
- That's good.
To new things.
Oh, sorry.
Guess that's
an acquired taste, huh?
They're having a genius time.
- You look really pretty, honey.
- Thanks.
- Hey.
- Hi.
I see you and Claire
have made a new friend.
Yeah, how about that? Another
person I get to say goodbye to.
Ginny. Oh, Ginny.
I just read about you in the Tribune.
You didn't tell me you were one of,
what, 200 applicants. What an honor.
I've been trying to land a grant
for 10 years.
I just hope we can do
some good with it.
Only the fish will know for sure.
Aren't you happy for your mom?
Ecstatic.
Come on.
Don't worry, honey.
You know how kids are.
So, if you could travel anywhere
in the world, where would you go?
That's easy. I would go to Fiji.
I hear it's amazing.
- It is. It's unbelievable.
- You've been there?
Well, I've been to lots of places.
But I've learned it's not
where you are, it's who you're with.
- You always so sure of everything?
- Yes.
- More people should be like that.
- Well, some of us are only human.
Thank you.
Hey, how you doing?
Wow, thanks.
Can you play Weezer's
"Island in the Sun"?
Please?
Yeah, sure, we can do that.
I love that song.
Hi, everyone. We'd like to start
things off with a special request.
I love this song.
You want to dance?
I want to, but I don't know how.
What? It's easy. I'll show you.
Come on.
You can't be worse than me.
I told you I was bad.
No, you're great, you're great.
That's okay.
Here. You ever spend any time
in the water?
Some. You know.
Right. Okay.
So, you just got to kind of...
let the music carry you.
You know, just like a wave would.
Wavy, yeah.
There you go.
Yeah. There you go. Nice.
I'll be right back.
Back off. Don't make a bigger fool
of yourself than you already have.
Walk away.
Bye.
Good job.
- He's so into her.
- He likes her.
Thank you, Capri Beach Club.
Sunset. Come on.
Dancing with you is...
better than anything
I've ever done on feet.
Say goodbye.
It's time to go.
- I have to go.
- What? Again?
Come on, at least stay for the fireworks.
Come on.
There's going to be fireworks?
I can't. I wish I could.
I really do.
But you leave tomorrow.
I want to spend more time with you.
What can I say to make you stay?
You can tell me...
- What? Tell you what?
- Aqua, we have to go right now!
Tomorrow. Tomorrow you can tell me.
Come to the pier at 9:00.
And tell you what?
- You tell me how that makes you feel.
- Come on!
I can't believe that I'm not that...
What?
Come on, Hails.
Whoo!
Okay, you little freaks.
What are you doing here?
I want to go back to the
party. They're handing out sparklers.
She lives in a water tower.
Freak city.
This is so Lame.
And who cares?
I'm tired of sitting here staring at it.
Yeah, Cecilia.
We already missed the fireworks
and now we're missing the party.
Patty, could you put away
the negativity...
like you put away all the corn dogs
at the Street Fair?
I'm going up.
If anyone comes, honk.
But, I only had two.
Who needs this?
Here we go.
What are you up to?
Just a place to call your own.
As we drift into the zone.
Hailey?
Is someone there?
Oh, my God!
Wait! Cecilia.
Okay, okay.
Nice and slow.
She's a... She's a...
She's a... She's a... She's a...
You want something done,
you have to do it yourself.
I need to see your hand stamp.
Thank you.
Night!
- Can I see your hand stamp, please?
- This is my hand stamp.
- You know who I am.
- I'm sorry, Cecilia.
Has grilling burgers fried your brain...
or do you grill all day
because you have no brain? Excuse me.
- Girls. Girls, girls, girls.
- Cecilia.
Aquamarine. She's a mermaid.
She has...
She has scales and everything.
She has a big, fat tail!
That's why she lives in the water tower.
Whoa! You need to slow it way down.
- What are you talking about?
- You sound a little crazy.
No, no, no. I'm not crazy.
I saw it with my own eyes.
- You're freaking us out.
- There's no mermaid.
Why are you looking at me when
there's a mermaid in a water tower?
There's no mermaid.
Oh, okay, fine. And by the way,
why did you leave me there, huh?
Do you have any idea
how far I had to walk?
- She's crazy.
- Why is that funny?
A mermaid.
A big, fat mermaid.
I was quoted for 40 boxes, wasn't I?
- No, it's 55.
- Fifty-five?
- Bye, Mom.
- Hey. Be back soon, Hails.
Daddy! Daddy!
Daddy, it's so horrible.
I went on my run this morning down by
the water tower and I heard this crying...
and this poor girl,
I think she's trapped up there!
Did you call the police?
I wanted to tell you first.
Come in.
- Hey.
Will you take care of Moby?
You won't have to go tomorrow.
Believe me.
So I was thinking we should meet
at the pier at around 8:45.
Hail?
- Are you listening to me?
- Mm-hm.
Maybe we should think
about the wish.
What do you mean?
We know
what we're doing with our wish.
You're staying in Bay Bridge.
Right. But I was thinking about it
all last night...
my mom has worked all her life
for this. Maybe it's not fair.
We asked for a miracle, Hailey,
and we got it. We're using it.
Maybe we could wish
for something else, maybe.
Something else?
Like what? Like a new best friend?
- A new person to tell everything to?
- Claire, no. Stop it.
How can you even think that way?
I'm saying, maybe we'll learn
to stand on our own for a change.
- You mean me, don't you?
- I mean, I'm not your mom.
Please. You act like I need
you all the time, when the truth is...
you're so mad at the world...
that nobody but me
even wants to talk to you.
Oh?
So you lived here your whole life. How
do you figure that I'm your only friend?
Huh?
WQDA, the coast's
breaking news channel.
A report just in that a young girl
is trapped in the Bay Bridge water tower.
We'll be going live to Storm Banks,
the man on the scene.
This is Storm Banks reporting live
from Bay Bridge water tower...
where an unidentified girl
has been trapped.
Firefighters are racing against time
to rescue...
- this woman from a watery grave.
- Hailey, wait!
Hailey, wait! Hailey!
- How'd you find this?
- I was on my morning run.
All of a sudden, I heard this horrible
screaming. I didn't know what to do.
I did the first thing that came to mind,
which was to inform the newscast.
And we can only hope
that we find her.
- The ladder's gone.
- Oh, no.
I just did what any good citizen
would have done.
We can only hope
that they'll pull her out in time...
so she can be reunited
with her friends and loved ones.
Hey. He's got something.
Okay, guys. Showtime.
Okay, you getting this?
We got a floater.
No. That's not possible.
No, she's up there.
- Okay, sweetie.
- She's up there.
They know what's going on.
- They know what's going on.
- Yeah, I know.
Tell them how she's up there.
She's probably still hiding
under the water.
- Go to commercial.
- Daddy.
You know why?
Because she is a mermaid.
- Go to commercial.
- Mermaid. Mermaid.
- Go to commercial, now.
- Fins and everything.
Are we out?
You've got to be kidding me.
Give me your keys.
- No, Dad. No.
- Cecilia.
- No, no, no. No!
- Cecilia!
Give me your car keys. Now.
While you're walking to school
every day...
you can figure out
why you need so much attention.
- Where could she be?
- I don't know. Let's go.
That's a wrap... on my career.
- But, Daddy, my car.
- Yeah, save it, Cecilia.
You know why?
Because she is a mermaid.
Go to commercial.
There's not usually a man with a Ladder
around when you need him.
- I can't thank you enough.
- I guess I could say the same to you.
You're the first one
who talked to me all summer.
Well, at least nicely.
I appreciate that.
You're a long way from home,
aren't you?
Thank you.
You know, when you help a mermaid,
you get a wish.
It's almost 9:30 and she's not here.
- Where could she be?
- Don't say it's my fault.
- There's Ray.
- I can see that, thanks.
- What is your problem?
- I'm not giving up this wish.
She's here.
- Hey.
- Hi.
I...
I thought about you all night.
- Good.
- Yeah.
So? What was it that you...
wanted to tell me?
Or ask me? I wasn't sure if...
Okay. Here it goes.
The last couple of days
have been amazing.
Yeah, but wait.
Before we get to that...
could you maybe give me
like a 20-minute warning...
you know,
before the part where you run away?
Don't worry.
I don't have to leave yet.
Cool. Because, I was thinking
maybe we could go kite surfing.
Like, there's this really, really
awesome place right down the shore.
The waves are small,
but the wave itself...
Wait.
Breaks on the cove...
it sprays up into the air and you can
always see a rainbow.
- It's cool... If you're into that.
- We're losing them. She's gonna ask.
- I'm into that kind of thing.
- I can't hear.
Come on, let's go up top.
- That's if you want to do that.
- I want to.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Cool. Because, afterwards,
I know this great little...
Actually it's a total dive...
but they have the best hot dogs ever,
I swear.
- Raymond?
- Yeah?
- I have to ask you something.
- Right, right. Yeah. Okay. Shoot.
I came here looking for something
I wasn't even sure existed.
But...
then I met you
and now I have to ask you.
Ask me.
- Try the binoculars.
- Don't yell at me.
- Raymond?
- Yeah?
Do you love me?
Well.
I mean, we've had one date.
- What's going on?
- Don't get me wrong.
Don't get me wrong.
I like you. I really, really like you.
Wait, I think he's reaching out for her.
That's a good sign. Look.
I mean, I think you're smart,
and beautiful...
and different than anyone
I've ever met...
and I'd like to see a lot
more of you.
But...
you don't love me.
- She's puling away.
- Let me see what's going on.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Wait, wait, wait.
Are you crying?
Yes. Apparently, it's something I do.
I don't understand.
Why do I have to be in love with you
today? Why can't we just...
work our way there?
I have a better idea. Why doesn't she
just go back to where she came from?
- Oh, no!
- Aqua!
What the hell's the matter with you?
Oh, my God.
Raymond! Raymond!
Just stay calm. Don't fight the
current. I'll be right there.
He still chooses her over me?
She's a fish!
Aqua. Aqua, we're coming!
Her dad's puling her back.
I'm going to get my rescue board.
- We can't just let her go.
- I'm going in.
No.
Not without me you're not.
Hailey.
- Come on.
- Hailey.
Grab the buoy.
We'll meet you there.
I'm right here. I won't leave you.
- Hailey, I can't.
- Keep your eye on the buoy.
Don't stop.
I'm coming.
- Grab my hand.
- Hailey.
You can do it.
I can't believe you two.
It's not safe out here.
- The storm's too strong.
- Why is your dad pulling you back now?
- He can't just take you away.
- Yes, he can. That was our deal.
Take our wish.
And you can stay here.
I can't.
Yeah, take it.
And you can call off your wedding.
- But there's no wish.
- What?
Raymond doesn't love me.
My father was right.
I couldn't prove love exists.
I'm so sorry.
- Can't we do something?
- Yeah, anything.
What more could you do for me?
You jumped in the water to save me.
And now you'd give me your wish?
Why would you do that for me?
I don't know.
It's what I would do for her...
and I know she'd do it for me,
and just...
- because we love you, Aqua.
- You do?
I didn't know you leak
when you're happy too.
Look.
Your dad's letting you go.
- Because of you.
- What?
Don't you see?
You just proved to him that love exists.
I guess you get a wish after all.
Any requests?
Can we wish for you
to stay here forever?
I'm a mermaid, Claire.
I have a family out there
that needs me.
As much as I want to stay,
I belong in the ocean.
Most of the time.
Save your wish, okay?
I promise I'll come back to visit.
And if I have to swim against
the Gulf Stream from here to Australia...
I'll do it.
I'd circle the world for you two.
So I guess this is it, right?
Someone's got to go back
and return all those wedding gifts.
We're going to miss you, Aqua.
You can always call me on my shell.
I want you guys to have these.
Thanks.
Starfish may be big suck-ups...
but they never lie.
- Aqua.
- I love you guys too.
Aqua. Aqua.
- Oh, my God! Keep in touch, fish-butt.
- We want a full report.
I'll see you soon.
- Bye.
Bye.
- Race you to the pier.
- No, wait.
Let's just float a while.
I want to enjoy this.
Has this been the best summer ever
or what?
Just wait till next summer,
when you visit me in Australia.
If I can swing that
with my allowance.
Claire...
we still have our wish.
Oh, my God.
You know what, Hailey?
It's good to have friends with fins.
Hey!
Wait up.
Wow, I can't... I can't...
I can't believe it.
They didn't exactly cover this
in lifeguard training.
I know. I should have told you.
I hope you're not... mad.
No. No, I'm not mad.
Surprised, definitely.
And confused
about a couple of things.
Like for one,
the fact that you have a tail.
Yeah. I do.
A very nice one, by the way.
I know.
Are you planning to surface
anytime soon?
That sounds...
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm not sure how to ask
a mermaid out.
But I'd like to see you again.
If that's allowed or even possible.
Well, I have to swim back for a bit.
Clear the water with my dad.
Would you mind waiting a little while?
Maybe you could meet me
in Fiji sometime.
- Leonard?
- Good day, ladies!
Hey, girls.
- That's really sweet.
- I'm really happy for them.
Hailey. Claire.
- Hi.
Look, I just had to tell you guys thanks.
You're both...
You're both extraordinary.
Don't know if I could've
done what you did.
See you.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my goodness.
I'll see you soon?
I'm going to miss you so much.
I know. I'm going to miss you too.
Hailey is so beautiful, inside and out.
She's the best friend
you could ever have.
Claire is so courageous.
Claire has a true heart.
She understands a true friend.
She will never let you down.
She glows from the inside.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org